---
title: "HFOSS Quiz 2"
layout: post
date: 2017-04-26 09:05
headerImage: false
tag:
- HFOSS
- RIT
blog: true
author: peterzujko
---
## Quiz 2
1) The Bayh-Dole Act was passed, which gave rise to university technology transfer offices; the GNU Project and Free Software Foundation were founded; and the US acceded to the international Berne Convention on copyrights.
* c) 1980s

2) Creative Commons was founded.
* e) 2000s

3) UNIX was published, Michael Hart started digitizing texts for what became Project Gutenburg, and Bill Gates wrote his "Open Letter to Hobbyists"
* b) 1970s

4) Linus Torvalds started writing the Linux kernel, the Digital Millenium Copyright Act was passed
* d) 1990s

5) Briefly define each of the following instructional theories, giving the role of the instructor in each

didactic: A didactic method of teaching is a method which is consistent with a "scientific" approach. This means information is presented to students in a "scientific" way.

dialectic: The dialectic method is discourse between two or more people with different opinions trying to establish truth through "reasoned" arguments.

constructivist: The constructivist method is that the student learns through experiences and it is very inward and focuses on the individual student.

6) Several elements are combined in different ways to form the various Creative Commons licenses. 

6.1) NC __C__

6.2) SA __A__

6.3) ND __D__

6.4) BY __B__

7) The presence of which license elements make a license "non-free" in the eyes of the FSF?
* D

8) Which license element is a copyleft?
* A

10) Four R's

* Read
* Repair
* Redistribute
* Run

